---
title: "Chapter 36: The Council’s Plan"
chapter: 36
weight: 36
---
# Chapter Thirty-six: The Council’s Plan

I began passing messages to and from the Council early on, and in those days my use at that level had to be earned. On an occasion where I was sent to deliver messages adroitly to a group of men aboard a ferry in Canada, my reliability and security was finally proven. After the debriefing from that trip, Henry learned where and how this group would covertly funnel funds into Canada. He clapped, shook my hand and said, "Congratulations, you've passed this level!"

I didn't 'officially' begin working for the Council until I was 'of age' in 1969, when I turned 18. Up until then, as I've stated, they were very cautious, watching and testing me from a distance as I functioned at the White House and in other private settings where one of their contacts could report back to them my progress. My involvement with them increased over the years as they witnessed my reliability. I never violated that trust, couldn't think to, and worked amongst them for many years.

Henry was the Council's mastermind and I was his other brain so he could keep the whole plan, and everyone involved, straight and organized.

One day, a group of powerful men met in a room in the Wrigley Mansion high atop the hill in Avalon on Catalina Island. I was there supposedly to serve the men beverages and light snacks on silver platters. Hours before the meeting I was kept in isolation in a side room. Two men in suits injected my arm with drugs and I was readied, like always, before use. I was dressed in a very expensive white eyelet, embroidered cotton dress that was provided for me to wear. One man that stands out was a tall man in a dark pinstriped suit. He had thick white hair and sometimes wore glasses. He was often at these Wrigley meetings. The meetings seemed very important and secretive.

Afterwards, I had sex with different men I was assigned to. I met with them on private yachts or rooms in the Wrigley Mansion. Some of them were possessive of my time and didn't realize who I was; they thought I was just a maid I guess. Some even tried to bribe me with money, jewelry or trips.

Jeff Foltz, Craig's best friend and USC oral surgeon, went with us, on occasion, to Catalina when these meetings were being held. Craig and I sailed over with Jeff and his wife or flew on seaplanes. Jeff cued me to different places at the Wrigley Mansion and other sites on Catalina Island. Consciously it seemed that we were just touring the Mansion with friends, but at certain areas Jeff would say certain words and press my hand in the middle and say a word or two and then we would walk on. I was a robot and he talked to me like I was retarded. I followed closely behind Jeff as he walked us through the Wrigley Estate. It seems like this was done to keep me from consciously remembering being there at the Estate later on. Jeff took me into rooms that were all beautifully decorated in pastels. He held my hand, despite the fact that Lisa, his wife, was there. No one really spoke and I felt like a very small child being taken around by an adult. Of course, at the time my conscious personality wasn't present, so I was not aware of these events. Later, on this same trip, I went to meetings to assist. At times, Henry was there. He wasn't in office at the time but to him that only meant he "could do more with his hands less encumbered," at least that's what he said.

During my use as a tool to coordinate liaisons between the Council and the President, when a President was flown places, like aboard large military aircraft, I was briefed and sent along so that I could apprise him of situations or 'key' reasons for his being in certain locations. For example, if the Council deemed it necessary to control the attitudes of a certain branch of the military in order to have their 'full cooperation’ in a strategic military position or assignment, they would brief me in the complete attitude required. They would supply me with the correct words for whomever (President, Vice President, Bob Hope, etc.) was delivering the speech to the troops. Then the troops would respond **[p. 300]** favorably because their programming would be reinforced, creating the desired effect - that is - their full obedience and cooperation.

I accompanied Nixon, Reagan, Ford, Bush and others in these ways, bringing them information from the Council. Later, I was debriefed about the results of my time with the President. I also reported what the skillfully trained parts of me carefully recorded during the entire ‘action,’ including reporting back what the President said, how it was received by the audience and any messages the President wanted to send back to the Council.

As I explained before, the Council is made up of a secret and powerful group of men who are not public and meet in the shadows. Their true power and ability to rule over the masses comes from the fact that they are publicly unknown. They exist in their own environments, with little outside contact. But they have many highly tested, tried and true programmed or aligned individuals who go out and do their work, bringing back the information they need, making the contacts necessary to insure the success of their mighty plan for world domination. They have the power to insure the election of a President, to bring a celebrity to fame, to decide the fate of a nation, to bring about war, to incite riot, to bring down whole cities or countries, to kill out a certain ethnic race, to introduce a new chemical into the food of the masses for control, to loose upon a community a new virus, to decide which people are to live and which are to die. They gave direction to people like Ronald Reagan, George Bush, Henry Kissinger and the Rockefellers, but they are not ignorant enough to allow a public identity to make them vulnerable to any kind of investigation or public knowledge of their lives and their purpose. They seek people out in their own time; people don't contact them. Sometimes the contact comes in the form of another person slipping a message in or telling someone to be at a certain place at a specified time, but their whereabouts is not ever known. And to report this to you, I had to dismantle lots of death programming that was installed in an attempt to keep me from remembering any of this.

## Geneva

There were times when the Council met in Geneva and I was taken there so they could send information and messages, via my mind files, to people who weren't supposed to be publicly connected with them. All this cross communication was sent safely through me and no one would have suspected who I was or what type of secret information I contained. Henry usually put the information in my head and sent me in with instructions - usually amusing ones - to the men at the meetings in Geneva and other places. These men don't just want to control the world; they already do that to a certain extent.

The rules the Council had between its contacts was that they were never to have physical contact, or talk by telephone. They decided where a message would be posted, via cryptic codes that only they understood, and often placed them in a certain section of the newspaper. Like for instance, they would weave the place and time of a meeting into the business investment section if one had to be called on short notice. Otherwise meetings were set up ahead of time and there was no contact in between. In cases of emergency or crisis they could use someone like me to deliver secretly coded messages. The men they are networked into are some of the most powerful businessmen in the world - steel magnates, furriers, oil and gas company owners, telephone company owners, media owners, munitions makers, among others - and their business dealings are highly illegal. They break all the rules and laws set up to protect small businesses from monopolies. They create huge monopolies. They control the world through the economy. Most people who opposed them didn't have a chance. They simply ran them out of business, got them prosecuted legally, or manipulated them in any way that was successful to insure they maintained total control.

## Secret Rendezvous in the Pacific

**[p. 301]** 
During the late '70s and early '80s the Council often met out in the middle of the ocean, aboard yachts, where they could all come together anonymously. They sailed or motored around until they connected with each member. They navigated to precise areas where a yacht would be waiting. Everyone had to be expert navigators and Craig's dental friend, Jeff, was just that. He constantly read a complex nautical map with special tools and combined that information with the placement of the stars in the sky in order to deliver me to a preplanned destination. He had to navigate to different places around the Channel Islands to areas we were supposed to go to. I was usually the first to be picked up by the yacht the Council was to meet on, because I was the least important and they didn't want to waste these important men's time. The captain pulled us in close, side-by-side, and the member aboard the other yacht would leave his yacht and come aboard. Each man was picked up in this way. There were usually three or four rendezvous after they picked me up. The men never arrived on the same yachts but used different vessels and crews so as not to ever be identified. Once every member was picked up they met in the largest room on board ship, and I was brought in to sit at the table during certain junctures when they wanted to send a message back to the President, foreign leaders, etc. This way later, I just delivered the message to whomever they directed me, usually during sex, and so everything remained anonymous.

Reagan was a big receiver of messages during his presidency. I was kept very busy delivering to him and he 'followed' orders to a 'T.' The group was "very pleased with his performance," were the words they used. Pete Wilson was the same way and so was George Bush. Anyway, the Council met on board yachts, had meetings, and then were navigated back to planned areas. They never met in the same place twice and everything was done with precision. That was one of their favorite words -"PRECISION"- and they always had the very best of everything. They even had "the chessboard" on board. They showed me one move each time and I was instructed to watch VERY CAREFULLY because there was no room for a mistake. Later I delivered the move on the chess board to Henry in New York. The chess move was ALWAYS taken back to Henry.

## Disguises To Protect Kissinger

Henry literally built me so I could be a safe arm to reach out and touch the Council. I flew to New York regularly in the '70s and '80s. Just a quick trip to deliver the information to Henry. He had various and sundry disguises for me that he used to protect himself. A man in a suit always picked me up at the airport in a limo and gave me a bag. I knew to go to the restroom and change into everything in the bag, which included clothes, shoes, wig, teeth overlays, make up, purse, everything I needed was there. Craig had made me several sets of maxillary and mandibular overlays that I could just snap onto my teeth. I looked totally different and the switch was to be total and complete when I looked at my image in the mirror. "Become the image," Henry told me. So I changed my face, my voice, my walk; everything I was told to alter, in order to fit the image. I took the bag filled with my clothes back to the man in the limo and he put it in the front seat next to him and escorted me into the backseat. After I switched personalities and dress, he closed the glass window between the seats and never had conversation with me from that time on. He let me out at Henry's office, which was a large, older, very cultured building and someone escorted me right to Henry's office.

I sat down in an upholstered chair across from Henry's dark wooden desk. He snapped his fingers and ran his hand before my face to ready me for debriefing. I told him what the Council advised and the final message was the Chess move. He was very anxious to get that and always had me double-check the information so there wouldn't be any miscommunication. I was programmed that it wasn't possible for me to ever make a mistake.

After I delivered the information to Henry, he walked me to the door and gave me a small piece of folded paper to give the driver. I think it may have had my airline instructions on it or something. For some reason I never flew with a round trip ticket, and always had the return flight booked under a **[p. 302]** different name than the one I used on the initial leg of the trip. The driver gave me the special bag that now had all my original clothes in it, and I would go back into the public restroom and change. Then he took me back to the airport in New York and I'd fly to LAX. Usually my Mom or Craig would pick me up. It was a long trip but didn't seem like it because I was programmed to sleep. They were always proud that the precision was so good that I could be back within 24 hours or less. Somehow they ‘folded’ that amount of time and I never missed it. My assignments often began or culminated on Friday or Saturday night but usually I was home by Saturday. These meetings with Henry usually took place at the end of the work week. He liked to have the information delivered to him at that time because he would have the weekend to mull it over, undisturbed and uninterrupted by any other business. He said, "That's the secret to my success-FOCUS," then he would smile and take a cigar out of a case on the table. He also had a separate apartment away from home where he did his best thinking and strategizing. I met with him there, also, but always had to do the disguise routine before I met him anywhere.

When I returned home I was programmed to have cheese Danish to 're-mind' me to forget. Even when I was having therapy sessions with Stuart Perlman, I was programmed to have cheese Danish on the mornings I had therapy sessions with Stuart by phone. I was also cleverly programmed to misdial Stuart's phone number by one number. Every time I dialed his number I would get frustrated and wonder why I kept dialing the wrong number, and every time it was the same wrong number I dialed. My controllers had me dialing a number that contained a code to remind me to maintain security. During this period, I often met with Henry or others, so the Danish was the ‘icing on the cake,’ and served to make sure I didn't ever remember. I was still meeting with Henry when I was in therapy with both Stuart and Margie. My controllers told me they were trying to shore me up so I would make it to the end of my job in the year 2000.

## Jaws

My job was to be over in the year 2000, and programmed parts of me were told that I was to be shot in the head and dropped overboard out in the middle of the Pacific where no one would ever miss me, including the sharks. In order to impress me, they made me watch shark-feeding frenzies. One time after Craig and I returned from a long weekend sail and scuba diving trip, another dentist friend of ours came over and said, "You weren't scuba diving in the Channel Islands this weekend, were you? They were having shark contests and were chumming the whole area!"

Shark themes were used heavily, and I was continually reminded by the Shark diver's wristwatch that I was given to wear.

My job as a go-between from the Council to others was my most important task. Bob was 'my owner’ and Henry masterminded their plan, but the Council always called the ultimate shots. They said I was theirs until, "the end of time," and that time for me was supposed to be the year 2000. Then they said I could sleep with the fishes. Deep inside I couldn't wait until it was over.

Although the Council didn't ever meet on the same yachts, when they did meet, there often was an aquarium on board with sharks in it that was used to remind me what would happen if I stepped out of line. Craig and I had previously been directed to the big theatre with the stars on the ceiling on Catalina Island to watch James Bond movies. I constantly gazed upward at those stars per programmed instructions to, "look at the stars to be safe and forget."

I also was made to watch while a man in a suit threw an attendant into the shark aquarium when it was feeding time. He said to the man, "You wouldn't mind standing in for the fish this morning so this young lady can see what her fate is if she steps out of line?" The attendant looked at him quizzically and then the suited man threw him into the tank and quickly poured a pan of fish and blood all over the poor man in the water. The sharks went right for him. He screamed and flailed his arms but it didn't last long.

**[p. 303]** 
It was horrific and terrifying. The suited man looked me in the eye, and in a very quiet, soothing tone of voice said, "There, see what happens if you step out of line?"

"Yes, I see," I agreed, wholeheartedly.

This type of life and death terror tactic is enough to dissociate a person for a very long time, especially if they are under mind control. This shark theme ran throughout my victimization. After my children were born, we were at a theme park and all donned wet suits to swim with the fish; some were even small sharks. Danny and Kevin were even given small rubber sharks in order to remember the experience. The message was always the same, "Step out of line, you will be fed to the sharks." By now they probably only need to use virtual reality traumas.

## Kauai Central Location

I was relocated on Kauai because it was a remote area with easier access to me, unencumbered by my family. It was a two-year phase. Then they didn't have to coordinate things so carefully between us all. I was free to go on their assignments and I was used heavily. They flew me to New York, England, South of France, Italy (Rome), the Netherlands, even Catalina and the Channel Islands, except now I was helicoptered to the yachts and tethered in on a chair. Often it was a two-seater helicopter, the ‘glass bubble’ type. The helicopter pilot seemed connected to the yacht as they radioed to coordinate the rendezvous with precision. When I lived on Kauai I was taken directly from the meetings of the Council to Henry, going through the whole disguise bit, and then returned to the island. I was usually gone two days (48 hours) or less, and when I returned I slept a lot because I had been without sleep or food and the time difference caused jet lag. Although, they tried everything to nullify the jet lag so I could, as they called it, "re-emerge into my life without stress or strain."

While I was on Kauai I even was reunited with Kelly (who still lived in California with her father) in England and France to "sexulate" some members in the royal family and a violent leader in France. Kelly has personalities that speak French, also. It was necessary for both of us to know French in order to communicate with this man. Kelly was trained to step into my shoes in the year 2000 and take over and I was supposed to give her a diamond ring to make this an initiation.

## Further Council Adventures

I was programmed with personalities to emulate Jackie Kennedy's charm and dignity. Aristotle Onassis was a powerful arm of the Council, with the ability to move business holdings around. The Council poured money into these businesses and used people like Onassis as a front, since they had to remain anonymous. That was how they used a lot of business tycoons. The men who operated independently were the most ideal since they could maneuver without the oversight of a large corporation or business partners. Some of the richest entrepreneurs in the world were used this way and I was sent into them to have sex and deliver Council messages. I met with many of these men in the open seas on yachts for anonymity and security.

I also was rendezvoused with Reagan and Bush out in the middle of the Pacific during Reagan's Presidency. They were on separate yachts, and met with me during a three-day sailing trip with the Foltz's. Jeff Foltz secretly brought the drugs necessary for my use on board the sailing vessel we rented for sailing trips. He also brought electronic equipment, including a black box with wires that he hooked us up to; all three of us, his wife, my husband and myself, for programming. This happened before and after I was used. He probably got his 'tune up' before the sail.

The Council worked Reagan and Bush a lot, giving them instructions. Reagan went along blindly while Bush seemed to know more but not as much as Henry. I always slept with Reagan on the yacht he was on and then delivered the message to him. I was delivered to Reagan and Bush as Jeff navigated to a precise destination and when we came alongside their vessel I crossed ‘over the rainbow’ as I came on board. Sometimes I spent the entire night sleeping with Reagan after I had delivered the message **[p. 304]** because, he said he would, "prefer company while out in the middle of the lonely Pacific." So I stayed, and the next morning Jeff came back and picked me up and transferred me back.

As soon as I got on board, Jeff immediately stun gunned me in the back. My husband and Jeff's wife stayed down in the kitchen until Jeff finished with me, which meant drugs and the use of the black box. In later years, instead of an injection, the drug was a circular, oral wafer, like a small water chestnut. Then Jeff would announce to our spouses, "Time for lunch!" and they would start preparing lunch. After we ate, I would go take a very long nap or lay out on the deck and sleep while we sailed to our next destination. We often moored for the night in three separate areas; all strategically mapped and navigated so I would be in place for the rendezvous. I always felt so out of it after these events and consciously felt embarrassed that I was too tired or couldn't think to communicate with our friends. Now I know why.

Certain members of the American Dental Association have been heavily involved in this project and many of the people from USC Dental School that Craig knew. Uncle Charlie made Craig's way into USC, because Craig needed to be part of the project so he and Jeff could be "prepared," to ready me for use at the highest levels with the Council. The Council stepped up their plans beginning in 1980 and on into the '90s. Then it was supposed to be "clear sailing," as their plans snowballed and they began reaping what had been earlier sown. Until in the year 2000, when they would be able to cinch the purse strings shut, thus, being totally in charge of everything worldwide. But things didn't go exactly according to plan, especially regarding my situation.

## The Frontiers of the Mind

They began to target more heavily, and more often, people that had been put in place over the years. They were bombarding them, certain individuals more heavily than others, depending on their usefulness and power potential. People like Onassis, Iacocca and the Rockefellers who were part of ‘level two,' and others. Anyone who made big money was targeted. The Council was apprised of the wealthy, and people like Henry went to great lengths to strategize how those with wealth could be brought into their game for the highest effect or benefit to the cause. The Council saw this as a huge game to attain total and absolute power by the dawning of the next century-the Age of Aquarius. As an Aquarian I was told I was heralding the advancement of the planet-the global transformation to a new way of life through advanced technologies.

They plan to "market" the mind/brain technologies they themselves have been using for decades, to the general public, and are doing so already. This will allow them to make mega money in this new market as well as allow them to begin to educate the masses in regard to the new technologies of the mind, "The Frontiers of the Mind." But, while the public is spending vast sums of money on this new technology, they will also be conditioned through advanced forms of electronics, harmonics, and subliminal conditioning to accept this shift to a 'new existence.’ The Council plans are to have a robotical working class that won't cause any problems, but will simply work to supply the needs of the Elite-those who by their breeding and intellect are deemed worthy of being allowed to be "awake" so they can rule, live and create without any interference from the common man. They say that the working class already makes non-thinking robots of their own everyday lives, and it might as well be more planned and regulated so that others who want to create, invent, and otherwise use their minds, can do so without hindrance from the common man.

They view the "common man" with great disdain as a lower form of the human species. And they figure that by the time the year 2000 rolls around, when the purse cinches shut, and they are in full control, that people will already be sufficiently conditioned and won't even be able to think to figure out or even be aware that a change has taken place. They see it as the perfect cover up for the continuation of the experiments in mind control they have participated in and feel very assured that the public will never **[p. 305]** be able to discover what happened because the more intelligent pubic has been sufficiently "tamed" and conditioned to go along with the rest of the herd.

Society is being weeded out right now, as minority species are being eliminated very specifically by biological germ warfare and other tactics meant to insure the elimination of those less genetically favorable. They figure with the reduction of the population there will be sufficient natural resources for the working class robots to support the genetically astute intellectuals who will be in power. Then, this is supposed to lead into a new age of peace. They even unleashed New Age principles to target and control the groups of people they previously programmed while they continued developing the mind control technology, in order to maintain control until the year 2000 when, supposedly, no one would be able to think to question or cause problems.

Our food is being tampered with, by the insertion of food additives and substances like aspartame which can alter brain chemistry and affect our minds. Music and movies are another powerful tool used to condition the masses. The Council views these measures as the kind, humane way to handle this matter, instead of a direct violent takeover, which would just cause even more chaos and human suffering. They envisioned that, this way, there would be no dissent and after the takeover there will be no need for wars, ever again. These men don't believe in wars, but needed to use them to achieve their goals. As they see it, the rest of the species will be living in harmony, able to create and enjoy while the lower, now robotical, forms of the human species do all the grunt work they are accustomed to: common labor, food production, and life maintenance for the higher forms of human species, the intellectuals, those who matter and are deemed eligible to be awake.

## The Master Plan is Accomplished by Robots

There has been a master plan for years and many, including myself, were involuntarily enlisted to work for it, as Dr. Henry Kissinger, 'Mr. Global Internationalist,’ masterminded much of their plan. My controllers viewed anyone with a small intellect as 'non-existing’ anyway, so they will either be weeded out or retained on the mind-controlled work force that's already been created. Masses of daycare centers were targeted to insure the success of the takeover, where large numbers of children from normal families were programmed because they will be the ones who will be of the age to resist or fight the Council plan. But now, many won't be able to because their minds have been manipulated and conditioned during childhood, so they will go along with the global program. It is all a carefully laid out plan that has spanned decades and generations, with one generation handing down to the next their inheritance. The children of the elite families, such as the Rockefeller's and Kennedy's will inherit a guaranteed future on a planet that can survive due to the fact that the population and, in turn, pollution, food supplies, etc. will be totally controlled. These intellectual, genetically 'worthy' individuals plan to have their own guaranteed ‘utopian dreamworld' after they kill off the inferior human species that they believe are overcrowding a planet that cannot support us all. The Council feels that they are insuring the future of the species of mankind by what they are doing. And, those from intergenerational ritually abused families and others will be placed under total mind control, to become the planetary 'workforce' so the elite doesn't have to waste their precious time on menial labor. The Council feels everyone 'wins' this way because it puts the non-thinking and genetically inferior populations "out of their misery," by taking their minds away, and insures a glorious future for the brightest intellects on earth. To them intellect is everything and without it, they think people shouldn't be allowed to waste precious time on earth, taking up space for those who can and will use their brains to create. They view this as a massive genetic clean up.

Then, when their agenda has been met, the world will be free from ignorance and chaos. According to their reasoning, there will be no abortion issue because the genetically intelligent won't bear children by accident. There will be no wars because they won't have a need to use wars to manipulate people for power or money. There will be no famines because there will be plenty of food **[p. 306]** grown naturally by the robot class and the world will no longer be overpopulated. Then, they can bring in their new form of world government and there won't be fighting or resistance because the Elite will see eye-to-eye and will all benefit, and are intellectually capable of understanding how they can all work together for the benefit of themselves. Crime will cease since the commoners, 'the robots’ won't be able to think to commit acts of violence or any other forms of crime. The Elite think of themselves as intellectually above petty crime and will have no necessity of it since they will be getting their needs met, royally, by all of their mind-controlled 'worker-bees.' No more disease will be brought in by the ‘unwashed' lower classes. So there will be less disease all-around because the Elite will take immaculate care of their bodies and won't have to deal with the stress and strain created by the problems of today. These will have been eliminated by eliminating the source of these problems-the genetically deficient. The Council has guaranteed survival and freedom for those at the top. What they have done to the human species in this Twentieth Century is tragic and they justify it by the rationale that they are protecting the future of the human species by insuring that only the best specimens survive.

The Council took a serious stand to clean up the environment as it served their needs for a healthy, pollution-free, life-sustaining environment for their future progeny. Since they have access to, as well as direct, major new discoveries in advanced technologies, they have disdain for the uneducated, ignorant, common people who trash their own environment. They said that even animals knew better than to defecate in their own sleeping area. But this would be remedied in the future when the genetically deficient were weeded out and extinguished.

They also were very condescending to those individuals who didn't eat properly or exercise. They take immaculate care of their bodies as far as health goes. They are fit and trim and they use natural medicines. The American Medical Association is fashioned to prescribe drugs and perform various treatments that although they may be unsuspecting, tend to weed out the weaker species. The Council views the AMA's 'modern medicine’ as barbaric. Their plans are to have mind-enhanced health associates, like some of the USC medical and dental graduates, who will provide the new health care for the Elite, after the takeover. Precision surgery with laser technology will make the so-called "modern methods" of surgery obsolete. Miracle medicines and herbs (God's pharmacy) will keep the body healthy. An understanding of the way the electro-molecular energy field around the body operates will allow the healthy body to be kept in perfect alignment creating perpetual perfect health or it can be brought back into alignment easily with the use of high-tech field variation equipment. This will be the modern medicine of the future and upcoming doctors will be trained in these methods in order to further the evolution of the Elite. The Elite plan to enjoy total and complete health due to their technology in electromagnetic fields. They also have antibodies against the diseases they let loose and make sure they are protected. Of course all of these findings came about by research and experiments on unsuspecting groups of people.

The health care program they were attempting to implement in the United States was one they were hoping would though so that the lower class robots would have a health care system to serve their needs in the future, while allowing the government, the Council and those involved in the global takeover to remain in control. As you can see, it is a system designed for control. It is all about further conditioning the populace so that there won't be any drastic changes that would cause stress to the nation or upset the apple cart.

They believe they have learned what form of government would work best by installing different varieties of governments in different countries with leaders they chose, studied, and watched to see which form would be likely to meet their needs in the year 2000 and beyond. They saw different national governments as ‘projects.’ For awhile, they thought communism would be the best, until the mind control technology showed them they could covertly rule the masses without communism. With this technology, they believe they can rule the masses easily and effortlessly, and governing can be limited because they feel all of the Elite will have much the same wants, needs, and goals. They already have the **[p. 307]** central banking system in place and have a master plan for the laws, rules, and regulations that will govern those that are left.

Sons of the Elite are conditioned to be leaders in the New World. Robotic mind control won't be necessary for their compliance. They have been conditioned to accept this new agenda without being given all the information and will be allowed to be "free thinkers," unless they don't follow directions. The Elite are used to having servants so this overall concept is not especially different for them because they have been brought up to believe that they are born privileged, are of a superior genetic strain and have a responsibility to lead. I was used, under mind control, to further many of these attitudes with the sons of many world figures. It was just a matter of conditioning them with the beliefs, a little at a time, which would support the changeover. The egos of these young men have been very carefully created and conditioned. Prince Charles' boys are possibly doomed to the same form of conditioning.

The Council sees this as a planetary enhancement, with the globe entering a time of health, new excitement, and abundance for those deemed capable of making a difference in the future of the human species.

"And I saw an new heaven and a new earth; for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away; and the sea was no more. And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice from heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and the very God shall be with them and be their God; And he shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow nor wailing, neither shall there be anymore pain; for the former things have passed away. And he who sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. Then he said to me, Write; for these are the trustworthy and true words of God. And he said to me, I am the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. I will freely give of the fountain of living water to him who is thirsty. He who overcomes shall inherit these things; and I will be his God, and be shall be my son."

-- Revelation 21:1-7

**[p. 308]** 