---
title: "Chapter 22: Prince Phillip, Prince Charles, and Princess Di"
chapter: 22
weight: 22
---
# Chapter Twenty-two: Prince Phillip, Prince Charles, and Princess Di

"I Know You, I Walked With You Once Upon A Dream"

For mind control purposes, a song from Disney's Sleeping Beauty was instilled into my programming to keep all memory of hidden events separate from my conscious mind. The lyrics as I remembered them reminded me, "I know you, I walked with you once upon a dream. I know you, with you in my arms you're so familiar again... " I was programmed to feel familiar with kings, princes, and presidents and this song served to reorient me into my dream reality, the one that existed Over the Rainbow.

I was prostituted to Prince Phillip and also Prince Charles. On one occasion, Prince Charles explained to me that royalty are given the right and reserve to have affairs outside of the royal family. He said it was in the interest of their country for the royals to remain balanced and happy, and that was done by whatever means needed in order to accomplish that. The requirement was that they were discreet and didn't get caught.

I was prostituted to both Phillip and Charles in Los Angeles on different occasions and was set up with them at other times in Washington, DC, London, and New York. Prince Phillip thought he was God's gift to the world, and was arrogant and egotistical. Charles was much different. He was quieter, more somber, and more controlled. The Council told me it was important for me to form a sexual bond with him.

Charles liked to talk a lot in bed. He would lay on his side with his head cradled in his hand and talk and talk to me. He said that he was very lonely, that Di never talked to him about anything of substance and that they just didn't seem to be matched that way. He told me that they had good sex but that was it, and that he had trouble getting her to act like a member of the royal family was suppose to act so they could lead their country in the way it needed to be run. He said that she didn't have much depth and was more interested in how she looked than anything else and he said, "Frankly, that bores me.”

While I listened to him, his sharp nose, dark hair on his chest and the little crop of dark hair right at the small of his back grooved indelible memory in my mind files. After the first time we were together, he liked to be on top when we had sex. I don't think he knew I was a programmed slave. He just treated me like a trusted confidant, a friend, a lover, but sex was never paramount to him.

Charles explained to me that it was important for the royal family to have a good public image in order to wield the power they have, to lead the masses. He said that if the royal family was seen as weak and unstable, it could lead to a level of chaos within the English society. He said if a royal family could maintain stability, through whatever means necessary, then it was for the good of the whole country. So said Charles.

The Rockefeller family set me up with Charles and I was instructed to just be a good listener with him and to report back to them what he said. They wanted to know what his dreams, desires, likes and dislikes were so that they could use that information in the future to control him, and ultimately, his country. They wanted to know his "Achilles heel" so that they could use his weakness to their advantage in regard to political and business dealings between our countries.

They arranged a trip for the royal couple to come to the United States and they took great care to set everything up just right for their enjoyment. I was used as a guide, a person they could turn to for anything they needed or wanted. I was directed to anticipate whatever needs they might have and fulfill **[p. 204]** them. I was assigned to purchase Disney toys for the boys that were left in their room upon arrival. Food, clothes, rest, massages, shopping, entertainment, anything they wanted, I arranged it for them. They paid for Diana to get the full treatment at a beauty salon during the time set up for me to target Charles.

They put me with Charles while the rest of the royal family was being entertained and I was told to tend to him. As always, they told me that he was shy and, because of his position, could not ever make a sexual advance to a public individual. So, they explained to him that I was a trusted and safe person, and in turn instructed me that all I had to do was to come on to him; he knew the door was open and safe, all I had to do was lead the way.

While Di was off getting coiffeured and someone tended the children, I was told to lunch with Charles in the room and then to come on to him. When it was time, I reached out and touched the white dress shirt that covered his chest and when I saw that this created a favorable reaction, I reached out and took hold of his hand. I was trained that a man must feel sure that you care about him and will not humiliate or make fun of him in any way. He was to feel 100% safe with me. So during lunch, I listened very carefully to everything he said and kept building him up, complimenting him and showing him that I really understood what he was telling me completely. He seemed to need and like that a lot. Towards the end of lunch, he picked up my hand and kissed the inside of my palm and told me how wonderful it was to have someone he could talk to, someone who really understood. He explained that there were not many people he could talk to like this in his country, because it could leak to other people and then it could cause him and his country many problems. Prince Charles said that it had been explained how trusted I had been to the Rockefellers over the years and how he could also trust me, that I would keep private "our meeting,” he called it. He was very sincere and acted like he meant every word he said. Evidently, Charles really trusted the Rockefellers. I don't know why. After he kissed my hand, I reached over and put my hand on his face and reiterated that he was safe with me and that I was thoroughly briefed on what his needs would be while he was visiting, and that he could totally relax knowing that anything that was said or done would remain private and protected. With sincere gratitude he said, "That means the world to me. It is not often that I am allowed this privilege."

The royal family was on a schedule and I only had a couple of hours to do the job I was assigned to do on Charles. After listening and a sexual rendezvous, I took him into the shower and soaped him down and rinsed him off, then helped him out, dried him off, and brought him some clothes. He seemed comfortable with all of the attention and I acted like I loved nothing more than doing everything for him. While he combed his hair he explained to me while he was looking into the mirror, that he was not used to the luxury of being alone in this way, that at home he always had servants attending to him and so he really liked the time we had together. Taking his hand, I delivered the message that I was preprogrammed to deliver, laying the groundwork my controllers dictated for future encounters. I explaining that I deeply enjoyed the time we had spent together and looked forward to many other such joyous occasions! He smiled and said yes, and I let myself out of the room. There were security men in the hallway by their suite and I smiled at them, neatly redressed now in my navy suit and heels, as I walked to the elevator.

My instructions after I left Charles were to go to a room down on another floor and let myself in with a key I would find in my pocket. Once in the room, I picked up the phone and dialed a number and began telling all the details of our conversation and time together. For all I know, I may have been talking to a tape recorder on the other end. Without making any other conversation, I finished my debrief and hung up. Then I went down to the lobby. The hotel was very elegant, with waterfalls, wood, glass, and brass decorating the lobby. I do not know the name or where I actually was.

Charles' repeated disclosure of the vital importance of his relationship with Di remaining stable for the good of his country was the information Kissinger and the Rockefellers needed to form their **[p. 205]** strategy. I believe that now armed with this information, they had the perfect way to destabilize England, through destabilizing the royal couple's relationship. So they did just that and began devising a plan to destroy Di and Charles' relationship from the inside out. Over time, little seeds of doubt were planted, originating from Kissinger's and the Rockefeller's strategic plan, at times delivered through me, about the royal couple's relationship and about Di to Charles and about Charles to Di, and they may have worked them both from other angles. I know that they had me give certain messages that were meant to be a wedge between the two. They were always subtle, never aimed directly at them, but the inferences were there.

For example, I was sent in to talk to Di. They had me befriend her by giving me information about her that I could 'drop' at a time when we were alone. I did and she opened up and began crying, which is just exactly what they wanted her to do. Then I talked to her and helped her feel better. They wanted a bond to be set in place for later use so they could get inside information about England. Even more they wanted to know how they could "get to Charles" in order to influence him without him knowing. I was with them several times and each time spent time alone with Di talking about her difficulties. She seemed starved to talk to someone who understood and I had been armed with enough information to be that understanding person. Our controllers wanted the familiarity to 'breed' in each succeeding visit so they could have more and more of a doorway in to influence the royals. I overheard our controllers arguing about using me with her again. They said, "We can't risk having her become a familiar face." To which another man reported, "She's a long way from home and so is Di and they will never meet again by accident in a million years. You worry too much. These things always have a way of working themselves out.”

So, the other man said, "Okay, okay, we'll use her, but just one more time.”

I could relate to Di. We were both married, had children and shared some common ground, including having husbands that were not sexually passionate and seemed disinterested in that way. They were hoping to be able to keep Di involved because she was so easy to access - as they termed it, "looselipped." But that isn't how it worked out. After Di was comfortable with me, I was programmed to disclose that I wished I had a husband who liked to be very sexual with me. All the while my programmers knew from my report of Charles’ sexual encounter that he was not a sexually motivated man. Then they could go about directing their media arms to capture and detail any problems that came between the royal couple, even at times creating problems that were not there in the first place - creating suspicions on both sides. It was an ugly strategy, but looking back, it worked. The monarchy was destabilized by this plan.

"We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and along these fibers, as sympathetic threads, our actions run as causes, and they come back to us as effects. " -Herman Melville
**[p. 206]** 