---
title: "Chapter 24: USC: Higher Education or Mind Control"
chapter: 24
weight: 24
---
# Chapter Twenty-four: USC: Higher Education or Mind Control

Uncle Charlie Donates $4.7 Million to USC

In 1973, as Uncle Charlie greased the way, Craig entered University of Southern California (USC) Dental School and commuted everyday from our home in Agoura to downtown Los Angeles. As I was to later find out, Charles Lilley Horn had quite a name at USC, as well as in San Francisco at the United States Mint. He personally knew members of the Federal Reserve Board. As I discovered, he was connected to Federal Reserve Bankers; old money, and Hearst newspaper type of old money friends. Uncle Charlie was a direct link with the Council through the money he was able to generate. He was revered by those who knew him as a trusted businessman, a family man who was adept in politics and investments. I believe Charles Horn was the single most important family link to my control by the global elitists. The reality of what I was involved in was carefully concealed every Christmas when I dutifully sent a box of See's Candy to him and his wife at their winter home in Scottsdale, Arizona. I was drugged and programmed that this act of gift-giving reminded me to forget, which it did for many years. And, I was programmed to watch the popular television series, Charlie's Angels, in my controllers’ attempt to cover and scramble my memory.

Charles Lilley Horn, as Chairman of the Board, retained control of Federal Cartridge Corporation for many years until relinquishing control around 1970 to his progeny, Charles B. Horn and William B. Horn, presumably his sons. Federal Cartridge Corporation is a munitions manufacturer, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota (address: 2700 Foshay Tower, Minneapolis, MN). Dun & Bradstreet Million Dollar Directory indicates that Federal Cartridge Corporation was a long-time subsidiary of the Olin Foundation, Inc. headquartered in New York City. The Foundation Directory shows that Charles Lilley Horn also was President of the Olin Foundation, Inc. throughout the 1960s and 1970s.

The Olin Foundation, Inc. (currently F.W. Olin Foundation, Inc.) was established as a charitable trust in 1938 for Franklin W. Olin, founder of Olin Industries, which later merged with the Mathieson Chemical Company, eventually becoming the Olin Corporation of today. During the 1970s, the Olin Corporation was interlocked with the Chase Manhattan Corporation, whose Chairman was David Rockefeller (see diagram). The Rockefellers, of course, have long had controlling interest in the United States Federal Reserve, which as many people know is actually a private corporation, with shareholders.

According to The Foundation Directory (1995), the F.W. Olin Foundation, Inc. (with William B. Horn, Vice President) listed its assets at $317 million (as of 1993). The Directory describes the Foundation's purpose and activities as "primarily for constructing and equipping new academic buildings and libraries at private four-year, accredited degree-granting colleges and universities..." In the book, Understanding Foundations (1967), the Olin Foundation, Inc. is similarly described; it states, "Many grants in education are made, especially for construction. Grants show a preference for the field of engineering... Recent recipients have been the University of Southern California..." (among others). This information was confirmed by the USC Office of University Advancement, indicating two grants given to USC in the 1960s by the Olin Foundation: (1) In 1964, $2.4 million to fund the Olin Hall of Engineering and (2) in 1965, $2.5 million to fund the Vivian Hall of Engineering. With these donations, it is no wonder that Uncle Charlie (Charles Lilley Horn), who was President of the Olin Foundation at the time, was popular at USC, particularly with the Engineering School which is currently located in Olin Hall.

Interestingly, during the 1960s the USC School of Engineering was transformed into a major research facility and expanded into several new areas, including biomedical engineering. Today the Engineering School boasts several academic departments and research centers. One such research facility is the Center For Neural Engineering, which lists among its research activities: (1) Hardware **[p. 209]** Models of Hippocampus Toward Brain Implants as Neural Protheses for Memory Loss; (2) USC Brain Project; and (3) USC DARPA (Defense Advance Research Project Agency) UltraScale Computing Project to name a few. Apparently, the USC Brain Project is sponsored by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) and the National Aeronautical and Space Administration (NASA). It is also worth mentioning that the DARPA project involves "Hybrid Neuron-Silicon Computational Systems For Pattern Recognition" which includes the interface of electrode arrays with hippocampal tissue slices and neuron cultures, as well as growth techniques for cortical neurons on silicon substrates, and even technologies to interface silicon-based computer systems and neurobiological systems. In 1998, the USC Alfred E. Mann Institute for Biomedical Engineering received a donation of $100 million from biomedical entrepreneur Alfred E. Mann, for whom the Institute is named. The donation was said to be one of the largest in the history of higher education, and is second largest ever to USC, behind $120 million donated by Walter H. Annenberg to the School of Communication.

Standing back and looking at this patchwork picture painted above, highlighted by advanced research projects in biomedical engineering and incredible amounts of funding, one cannot help but be struck by the obvious potential at the USC School of Engineering for major advancements in the technology and application of MIND CONTROL!

HELLOOOOOO!

Now, ask yourself, why is DARPA (American Defense) operating in a university setting? What are they actually researching? What do you think is really going on?

One can see that foundations don't always make donations to university academic departments that one might expect, based on the donors' apparent line of business. Another example is the H. Leslie Hoffman and Elaine S. Hoffman Foundation, with assets approaching $20 million. H.L. Hoffman was the CEO of the Hoffman Electronics Corporation, a long-time Los Angeles-based company since 1932, in the business of manufacturing various electronic devices, generally entertainment related (including special ones for government agencies). The USC Hoffman Medical Research building is named after its donor Elaine S. Hoffman.

The Hoffman Engineering Company, located in Minnesota, is listed as a division of Uncle Charlie's Federal Cartridge Corporation. Hoffman Engineering makes metal and composite enclosures for electrical and electronic controls, instruments and components. I wonder if they made covers that house those nasty ECT devices I was regularly zapped with? To date, I haven't yet determined a linkage between Hoffman Electronics and Hoffman Engineering, but that Hoffman Medical Research connection sounds promising. Apparently later on, Federal Cartridge and Hoffman Engineering merged to become Federal Hoffman Corporation (FC Holdings, Inc.). In 1988, the company was purchased by the Minnesota-based Pentair Corporation, increasing Pentair's total sales by nearly 40%, and is currently listed as a subsidiary of Pentair in the Directory of Corporate Affiliations. After that transaction, Uncle Charlie's relations no longer appear among Federal Cartridge Corporation's corporate officers, but instead have been listed among the officers of the Olin Foundation, according to the Foundation Directory.

Uncle Charlie continued to be an invisible influence in my life. But even though I was unaware of this, in my public and conscious reality I was still working as a dental assistant, though unknowingly placing dental implants (some type of miniature electronic transmitters) into the teeth of unsuspecting patients, without my own conscious knowledge and awareness. My four day work week for Dr. Jacoby, a USC dental school graduate, was extremely productive, for him. While I did all the hands-on dental work with his patients, including fitting and cementing bands, making archwires and headgears, removing braces, making retainers, and performing general check-ups, Dr. Jacoby sat in his private office and either read magazines or worked on his computer. At 22 years old, Craig and I had no idea that our lives **[p. 210]** were totally controlled and not our own; nor could we have known that we were living our lives under total and complete mind control.

## Who Are the Annenbergs?

Moses Annenberg made his fortune during the Prohibition days by creating an information monopoly on which bookies and gambling mobsters depended. His cartel controlled a nationwide racetrack news wire service, The Trans-National, headquartered in Chicago. The street savvy he gained first as a newsboy, then later as a high executive within the William Randolph Hearst media empire, gave Annenberg the wherewithal to pull off his racing news coup, and made him one of America's wealthiest men. However, in 1939, Annenberg was convicted of tax fraud and was forced to give up the wire service aspect of his business. This brought about a battle to take over control, which resulted in several sensational murders, including that of Bugsy Seigel, who, as Al Capone's west-coast agent of TransAmerican, managed to wrest control over Trans-National through the strong arm tactics of his 'enforcer,' Mickey Cohen. Annenberg's media empire then continued on as Triangle Publications and included the Daily Racing Form.

By 1946, the dust cleared, but all the turbulence soon brought about a Congressional investigation into organized crime in America, headed by Senator Estes Kefauver's Committee. Following its hearings, the Committee concluded that mob-control of the racing news wire service was undermining America and represented the heart of mob operations. During 1950 and 1951 the Kefauver Committee heard from 600 witnesses, "...including most of the powerful gangsters of the day. It was an astonishing spectacle. Never before did so many criminals pass in review before the general public; never before were so many put on display singly or in tandem as members of a single community of outlaws." (Albert Fried, 1993)

During this time, Walter H. Annenberg had dropped out of the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania in about 1930 to join his father's company, as a bookkeeper. In 1942, he became the company's president. As head of Triangle Publications, Walter Annenberg started two new hugely successful publications, TV Guide, America's best selling weekly magazine, and Seventeen magazine, and continued in his father's path as a media mogul. In 1988, Rupert Murdoch, a leader in the media industry, purchased TV Guide, Seventeen, and Daily Racing Form from Annenberg's company for $3 billion. The following year, Annenberg established the charitable trust known as The Annenberg Foundation. Its current assets are listed as $2.6 billion.

According to the Foundation Directory, the Foundation's current primary purpose is to support "early childhood and K-12 education (including public school restructuring and reform)." In 1993, Annenberg announced a $550 million gift, the largest private donation ever to benefit education, providing a series of grants for school reform projects geared toward improving elementary and secondary education. Regarding this donation, the Los Angeles Times (Dec. 17, 1993) reported: "Although White House officials refused to give details of the awards, three groups are expected to get a major share of the money: the New American Schools Development Corp. in Alexandria, VA [which is not far from the CIA's Langley headquarters]; the Coalition of Essential Schools at Brown University in Providence, R.I.; and the Education Commission of the States in Denver [boy, that area has been in the news recently, first, the JonBenet Ramsey murder mystery and now the Littleton school massacre]. The New American Schools Development Corp. was begun in 1991 [coincidentally, just before the 1992 election year] by business leaders and George Bush Administration officials who believed that they could develop more effective and creative learning programs outside the traditional public school system [I guess George's presidential lap would qualify in that case]. This colossal donation came on the heels of one just months prior, a gift of $365 million to four colleges, including the record $120 million donation to the University of Southern California, as mentioned earlier, another $120 million to Annenberg's alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania, $100 million to Peddie School, Annenberg's preparatory school in New Jersey, and $25 million to Harvard University [Henry's old stomping ground]. After creating the **[p. 211]** Annenberg Institute for School Reform, the Santa Monica - Malibu Unified School District received a $500,000 grant from the Los Angeles Annenberg Metropolitan Project. Prior to that, according to the L.A. Times (Jan 24, 1996), Annenberg had given $53 million to fund a fiveyear school reform project in Los Angeles County, purportedly "to begin work in elementary schools to wipe out [cultural] differences between the two groups [i.e. Santa Monica and Malibu kids]." The School District, after receiving a $5 million share of project funds, reached an agreement with Rand Corp., a Santa Monicabased 'think tank,' to evaluate the projects impact on the District's 10,500 students. Rand Corp. has long been known for its technoinformation-oriented projects, and is reputed to have participated in 'MKULTRA-like' projects during the '60s. Note two of its studies: P-2575 "Long-lasting Effects of LSD on Certain Attitudes in Normals: An Experimental Proposal" (1962) and P-2676 "Experimental Designs for Investigating Conditioning" (1966). In its Index to Selected Publications of The Rand Corporation, it lists among its areas of research investigation in the field of psychology, the following: "Automata," "Laboratory ManMachine Studies," and "Sleep Learning" - many projects under these headings appear to have mind control applications.

The Annenberg Estate is a sprawling 300-acre tract, located near the intersection of Frank Sinatra Boulevard and Bob Hope Drive, in Rancho Mirage, California (near Palm Springs) and features a private golf course, swimming pool, and several lakes and ponds. Nicknamed "Sunnylands," it has been the magical destination of the British Royalty, as well as the simply rich and famous, and is considered a second "Camp David" by U.S. Presidents. Walter Annenberg established his friendship with the British Royals back during the Nixon Administration, when he had accepted the post as U.S. Ambassador to the Court of St. James, Great Britain. Later, during the Reagan Administration, his wife, Mme. Ambassador Leonore Annenberg, functioned as chief of Protocol to the White House. Their tie to Prince Charles was solidified during his visit to Sunnylands in 1974, when he reputedly attempted to play the private golf course polo-style from his golf cart. Bob Hope, whose home is in Palm Springs, was a regular guest at the Annenberg Estate. He was valued for his many contacts and his contribution to the Annenberg's social register, which at times included Henry Kissinger. Incidentally, Bob was knighted by Queen Elizabeth several years ago, as was "Sir George Bush."

Given my personal, though mind-controlled, involvement with Pete Wilson and others, in altering the California school system curriculum to include mind control (which I will discuss further in a later chapter), I believe my experiences reveal a mass plan for the ‘enhancement’ of many children in ways that do not respect their freedoms. I invite the public to help me bring together the pieces of this puzzle, in a way that will protect future generations.

## USC Dental School 1973 -1977

A big part of what I thought was our entertainment during my husband's dental school years was frequenting USC football games. When we attended the games, I was told to dress immaculately, and be ready with carefully groomed hair, make-up, and polished fingers and toenails for the team. During the game I was programmed to stand up from my seat in the stadium and walk out through the tunnel to my left. My husband, now a USC Dental School student, stayed in his seat just like he did when we went to Dodger games. I walked to the locker room where the team went during half time. Lots of times I didn't even see whom I was servicing. I just felt like a sucking machine. On one such occasion the coach dressed me in a little cheerleading skirt and had sex with me in front of the mind-controlled football robots that needed extra incentive to work harder, or as the coach said to them, "Step right up and enjoy the pussy. Get it while it's hot," he'd say, like he was a street vendor and I was a piece of meat. Then he would caution the players, "But only if you perform today." If the players did well, performed to the coach's standards on the field, they got to have sex with a slave. If they did really well, they got to have one of us for the evening. I never stayed all night but entertained for the evening. I don't know where my husband went but he was waiting, later that night in the dark, for me in his Datsun 280 Z. There were also USC basketball mind-controlled robots. I had to have sex with one of them in the locker room after a game we **[p. 212]** went to one evening. It was just a quickie since they didn't view the basketball team as important as the football team.

O.J. Simpson was their star quarterback, their prize athlete, a real machine. He played at most of the USC football games that we attended. I remember hearing everyone talk about how the coach bought him an expensive new car. One time Henry gave some advice to the coach on programming that he appreciated.

One night at an alumni meeting, the coach spoke to a group of older alumni men around a table. They were all smoking and drinking at this so-called meeting. The coach said, "This young lady has a very wealthy uncle and she's a Trojan all the way." Then another man stepped forward and helped me onto the table as they started playing the song "the stripper" and I took my street clothes off and danced in front of these drunken men. I was around 22. The men in charge seemed to all know who I was and where I came from. They seemed to regard me more as my Uncle Charlie's than as my husband's.

After I stripped, a man helped me off the table and one drunken USC alumni yelled, "Put her back up on the table and let's see her put her clothes back on. If she's gotta' put them back on, let's watch." So I climbed back onto the table and a man kindly put a chair up there for me to sit on because I had nylons to put back on and it would have been hard to do standing up. They were screaming and hollering which clothes to leave until last so I did as they said. On the way out I kissed the coach on the cheek and smiled and waved to all the men as they whistled and cheered. They were drunker than skunks. I was trained to always kiss the man I was bolstering on the cheek and be affectionate with him in front of the other men. But if the wives were there I was to remain discreet. There were different rules for different situations. After that, I was passed all over USC, not as much among the mind-controlled robot students as the dirty old’ alumni men. I don't think the men knew I was under mind control, but I believe USC Coach Reddin did.

I was prostituted to the Dean of the Dental School after Craig got accepted. Dean Walker and Dean Crawford also seemed to be 'friends' of Charles Horn. I was prostituted to Coach Reddin, also, at times, like I cited above, in front of the football team for incentive. And there were a lot of other important persons at USC in the main university, aside from the dental school, whom I was directed to "cater to." Some of these men seemed to know all about my Uncle Charlie's family. I felt strange because, depending on which personality I was keyed into, I didn't think of him as my family and didn't ever see him consciously, yet all these men referred to me as Mr. Horn's niece, Susan. I 'serviced’ administrators at the main college and heads of different departments. Usually, I was briefly introduced to them in their offices and then after a football game or on an evening when I thought Craig and I were getting together with some of his classmates, I'd be taken to a hotel room to entertain one or more of them. From what I overheard and understood, Uncle Charlie had a big role in providing funding for the "furthering of education at USC." I believe a lot of his money went to further research or mind control 'projects,' such as different members of the football team. USC had to be full of mind control robots because USC was granted huge sums of money if they participated in the mind control project. So, they participated in the academic and sports end of it in order to qualify for the grants. Plus, of course, there were persons in positions of leadership at USC who were part of the ‘elite’ group.

## Mind Control Demonstrations

I was "demonstrated" often at USC in front of doctors, scientists or other professionals who were ‘selected’ to be a part of the project. The moderator, who was a big, tall, salt and pepper gray-haired man introduced me as Charles Horn's niece, the founder of the project. Perhaps Uncle Charlie's money went to start the project at USC in the early '60s. Be that as it may, the moderator showed his audience how I worked by calling out simple commands. Initially they weren't shown much, because what the moderator was attempting to do was enlist the aid and future work of some of these scientists and doctors. Half the **[p. 213]** men present already knew all about the project and were there secretly posing as people who were unaware. In actuality they were planted to influence the moral attitudes of the other individuals; they would agree easily in hopes that others would also agree, comply and join their research program. It usually worked as they said, "To get them past any hang-ups they might have in regard to the fact that we're working with humans instead of animals." Then they proceeded to explain that the subjects were originally defective in some way or they would say, "all the results are actually doing is enhancing the person's abilities, not hindering them in any way." They went to great lengths to condition some of these men slowly over the first few meetings.

They demonstrated my typing capabilites, "speed and accuracy," the moderator said as he took the paper from my typewriter and showed it around the room. Then at later meetings they would demonstrate the photographic memory enhancement or some other 'enhancement' this project had provided me. Initially, some of the men were not so much in favor of it or were hesitant, so they were not invited back to subsequent meetings. In this way, the project's secrecy was protected and not further exposed to those who wouldn't support it.

Uncle Charlie seemed to have done his part by keeping the money coming to them. The goal of the group at USC was to turn out thousands of "enhanced citizens" who would do their work and function on behalf of the cause. Because Charlie was popular there, so was 1, and they had plans to create some fine physicians, lawyers, dentists, oral surgeons, etc., who lived in or around Los Angeles, so the likelihood of them remaining in the area was larger than the out-of-state people. They planned to make good use of them in the future after they were secured in their professions. They laughed as they said, "Hell, they'll owe it to us for making them some of the best professionals in their fields, so they won't mind donating some of their time back to their old alma mater!" They needed a cluster of professionals in and around the Los Angeles area to funnel illegal money through their business' at a high level, but many didn't even know their names were attached to separate monies filtered in at selected banks who were positioned for just this purpose. There was a whole financial framework set up to support the project in the future, with every year, yielding more and more financial backing as the children were born and used to create more and more funding, and then their children eventually would attend USC or another affiliate school to crank out more "cooperative" professional graduates. I overheard a lot while I was waiting at a meeting to service some man afterwards. But as instructed, I was recording into a mind file, what was said at the meeting in order to report back to Henry.

Henry programmed into my mind a map of the campus at USC because it was such a large campus. And when I would have to go somewhere to service some man, he would tell me to go to D-3, for example, on the campus map inside my head and I'd know where to go. There was also a coding system to keep track of where I was to be at a certain time at a future date. I went to many different buildings on the USC campus for various reasons; sex and to pass messages to different scientists, professors or doctors.

There were times I was taken to a USC football game the whole entire game, just for one man's sexual pleasure. Craig was so focused on the game that he never seemed to notice I was all messed up or that the perfect make-up that I had arrived in was smudged or that my hair was messed up. Some of the men I serviced had big motorhomes that they parked right outside the stadium or on the grounds of the Coliseum near USC where they would picnic and party with their friends before the game.

USC was a pilot project in Los Angeles, one designed to harness and utilize some of the finest minds in the country. These were the cream of the crop, some of the top achievers from all over the nation and they wanted to utilize them. They felt that mind-controlled doctors, especially surgeons, were 100% more accurate than non-enhanced doctors and surgeons. They were experimenting to see if by showing young interns how to do surgery visually, they could retain the procedures. There was an inner group of selected students who were chosen based on their childhood histories to be a part of the pilot **[p. 214]** project. They felt they were creating super humans and used them to do their work. They used the technology on my husband and some of his lab partners. I know because I heard Henry talk to Reagan and other "insiders" about this. He also made appointments for me to get 'treatments' there. Some rooms at USC marked "authorized personnel only," at first seemed like dark rooms for processing photos but they weren't. Instead they had chairs similar to dental chairs with goggles for virtual reality. The chairs vibrated, turned, and became hot or cold and made it feel like the scene I was seeing came alive. It sounded like, and the goggles made me feel that I was spinning in space, swirling and spinning, and I got very, very dizzy. They exposed me to a lot of weird scary things. They also played very loud, irritating noises, like high shrill screeches and ‘nails on a chalkboard.' It was often excruciating but my hands were immobilized on the chair arms so I couldn't reach up and pull the headphones or goggles off; I dissociated in order to withstand it. These experiences happened to me on days when I went to the dental school in order to have Craig work on my teeth. After the dental work was completed, then I had this other torture. This was during the time Nixon was President, then Ford. Reagan was Governor and Kissinger was still in office.

The Council heavily used USC, and many 'enhanced individuals’ were turned out to work for 'the cause’ and proliferate, creating more new little Trojans. Those working for the New World Order saw "the takeover" wrapped up since the numbers would snowball each 20 to 25 years. My children would be destined to continue at a college or university that could 'further their enhancement.’ The Council also knew how easily they could shape the minds of the students at the university, since their minds were as yet uncluttered and they could teach them.

These people were heavily into breeding and genetic bloodlines. They said things like, "Hell, people pay more attention to breeding their horses and dogs than they do planning for their future progeny," and that, "People in the project, however, have been fortunate enough to have that research and selective breeding done for them, so their offspring will be of the highest quality. It's time we quit wasting precious space on this planet supporting inferior human life. It's time for a quality race to people this planet."

This was the evolutionary step they saw. And they felt that, "since the common man can't think to bring about these changes on his own, we who are capable are left with the responsibility. Someone has got to do it, or we will be annihilated."

"Let us then approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need." -- Hebrews 4:16

**[p. 215]** 